Received money from my Xu family
But it can't cure the poison in me
Although the old man is in a coma
But the consciousness and the sensations were killing me.
I let you try it too
What does it feel like to almost lose your life?
Master Xu
Master Xu, please forgive me
supper supper
I'm willing to admit defeat after supper
Please save me supper
Archie
Swimsuit with one hand
Save him from harming others
My master will definitely avenge me
Young man, you saved my life
The old man wants to invite you to dinner
If you don't agree
I just look down on the old man, okay?
Stay for a bowl of rice
Take you for a walk first
Brother, are you alright?
Yeah.
I'm all right
I feel better now than before
That little security guard
What little security guard?
His name is Xiao Fan
Although only a security guard
He is my savior, Xu Changfeng
You remember
Our Xu family will never be ungrateful
Understand understand
Where is my grandson?
It is said that there is no filial son before the bed for a long time
I think that's absolutely true.
Otherwise, why only temples?
Stay with me
Oops dad
Look at what you said
He knew when you were dying
He came right away
It may still be on the way now.
That's more like it.
When it arrives, let him go to entertain the firefighters immediately
We don't curse him for breaking his legs
I'll go tell him in a while